So are you the bad news? Badly. Words. Your this is gonna happen when
the ships on the way on. Someone in the unit is gonna get some information
or someone that's in the family. It doesn't spouse. That child
parent, etcetera. What happens if you have? The resource is on board.
The ship is big enough to get a chaplain. Always have chapel. Yeah,
Okay. Or you don't have that. Get the master with Senior master
Chief of Command. You go with your team member, think about it and say
we're here to help you. You know, we're gonna fly you back, so there's
a lot of resource is available. That's what they do. You will
need to know how we'll get into if you're in the Philippines. How are
you gonna get a man woman hold? Well, one event happens. That's not
the time to learn about. So when you got a spare our three days before
you pulling the poor, you look into that. Would you make sure you
know the regs If something happens